What is Chen Lai doing?
And so forth.
Just now you said you were going to bid 2 billion
You heard me 2 billion
Don't be fooled by this trash mouth
This trash pocket is cleaner than his face
Where did you get 2 billion
Du Chen, where did you get so much money?
I don't need to tell you how much money I have.
Just because you still want to buy products from our city
I don't believe you have this strength
Sister-in-law, tell him if I have this strength
Gold coins issued by Four Seas Bank
I don't need to accept more
Each is worth millions
Which of these three boxes has 500 gold coins?
Say if you can buy Shunyang Technology
Du Chi, you earned all this money.
That's impossible.
There's no way he can earn 2 billion
I see.
This money must have been given to you by Yang Xinyue, right?
Yang Xinyue, I treat you well in the Du family
You actually betrayed the Du family for a man
I don't have it.
This money was earned by Du Chen himself
Du Chen is a waste
How is it possible to make so much money?
Mei Xinyue, you dare to hide money from our Du family behind our back
today
I want you to spit out all the money you hid
Even my woman dares to touch
Even if I put it in this company to sell or not, give me a happy word